Append cors settings (ExposeHeaders) (#9867)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/reference/api/github.com/solo-io/gloo/projects/gloo/api/v1/options/cors/cors.proto.sk.md

---
### CorsPolicyMergeSettings

 

> Settings for determining how CORS settings are merged when present on both VirtualHost and Route
> This may be useful if different teams/personas are responsible for managing VirtualService and Route resources and policies
> on VirtualServices set by one team or persona should be enforced or inherited on Routes

Reviewer: add punctuation; some grammar nits
```suggestion
Settings to determine how to merge CORS settings when present on both the VirtualHost and Route.
This option can be useful when different user personas or teams share ownership of a VirtualService. For example, you might not want CORS settings on each route to override the virtual host settings, but instead merge them with a `UNION` strategy.
```

```yaml
"exposeHeaders": .cors.options.gloo.solo.io.CorsPolicyMergeSettings.MergeStrategy

```

| Field | Type | Description |
| ----- | ---- | ----------- | 
| `exposeHeaders` | [.cors.options.gloo.solo.io.CorsPolicyMergeSettings.MergeStrategy](../cors.proto.sk/#mergestrategy) |  |

---
### MergeStrategy

| Name | Description |
| ----- | ----------- | 

> | `DEFAULT` | Follow the default Envoy behavior, which is for Route settings to override VH settings if non-nil |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DEFAULT` | Follow the default Envoy behavior, which is for Route settings to override VirtualHost settings if non-nil. |
```

> | `UNION` | When a setting is present on both VH and Route CORS policy, merge by concatenating for list fields and by ORing for boolean fields |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `UNION` | When a CORS policy is present on both VirtualHost and Route, merge the settings. The merge is done by concatenating for list fields and by ORing for boolean fields. |
```
